goodnight users today they
let's teach how to add a channel
privately to his rock or a channel basically
there are two channels right now in the red
the first one is through chat
in the same rock you access the menu
main and you can add the
only channels of red however not
they can do the same with the channels
Private private channels require
of a code and that code is unique
it is very likely that they will not find it in
any site
on the internet there are many sites that have
lists of private rock channels
you just put in google search
rock a driver chan hol and if they can
find a quantity a website that
details that we are going to have a
channel a website forgiveness that has the
Private channels of red listed in a
organized
and come on sir he had the simple way of
add this to you years and from your
red user account on the internet
you have to enter here on your page 11 the
dot dot red dot
you go in they were going to get in way
private
and here he says to me I have to add the
code to add a private channel like this
that I go not well the website says
rocco try you can not see what is
a geek point tv a channel a website
that has a detailed list of
channels we are going to look for them by categories
let's add let's say
one that has to m
sports and what is
yes
a moment
on live Tv
can see that in l'aquila says if they are
free and carry some kind of charge and
there is a rating the people in Bogota say with
this channel I like is that there is not all
a series of interesting things
it would be a lot about what there is not
a channel
in the station
traffic
we have the air of turn
let's add some wings
let's see this sport why
clique amos
the lynxes good
because this is a Russian channel
apparently so if we put on
here but I the person the person gives
more copy the code to feel more
sure we already know that he goes here like this
that we're going here and we 're going to copy everything
this month here
you can see add channel
and it's ready tell me it's content
free however perhaps part of the
content carries some charges so
If I want to add it, I give them to
add channel and bathed I'm not interested
so let's find another one because we see
that can have some charges let's go
category
internet was for anyone
or
break
we added the dell channel
but nothing many votes
and good this one of videojuegos we are going to
give it to the channel and ign so to speak
someone
and we're going to add the free we're going to
Add
this can take up to 24 hours in
appear is the way we're going to
add another way to do it is in the
same website as we are in our
account we go to channels
are the channels that are in sites of
reds and public channels and we can
let's go find blogs
to see what works
is loading the
there it is ready there they have it then
we are seeing the chat the author those who
they have the hooks are the channels that
I already have added in my red
I want to add some other
this slip was split in mestalla
do not
not only mental
let's not say let's add some channel
that does not have we can look for it here
also by categories and they are free
about video games by technology only
that is more people
to see this is the extreme green that brings
because this is a movie channel
old flyers more than anything
news we are going to add add channel
and it says clever was added and there what
they have very simple how to add a
channel without any problem nor a
complication with just one click is
from the computer that also what
can do with public channels
from your group so I already here what
have any doubt we
can write to our email can
visit our website watch over
public to es roque and a digital TV well
free to our YouTube channel and
leave us a comment
thanks and see you later